URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/12034312/daran-r100-compact-power-station-for-limitless-adventure/comments

Can you please provide already provide the information what the shipping cost will be for Europe especially Germany

What combination can i choose for the two socket?

can i know when i charging this device can it still use for charging ather iteam?

I m in UK.

Can I have the two Ac socket to UK plug ac socket...?

Hi. Sorry, we could only offer 1 AC socket to UK plug.

can it boil the electric pot?

Hi. Yes, our power station would work for this.

Great! Thanks.

You're welcome.😊

Hi, the shipping fee is not included in the prices. It will be collected in the post-campaign Pledgebox survey.

Can it be recharged using solar panels? And if so, what type of panels can be used?

Why don't you add them as an ad-on?

Hi. Yes, it can be recharged using solar panels. A 40W solar panel charger would work well for efficient charging.

As for adding them as an add-on, that’s a great suggestion! We’re considering it based on demand and will keep everyone updated.

That would be a great idea for an add on.

What are the shipping costs to Germany? Are do we need to pay also tax costs etc.

Hi, the shipping cost to Germany would be about 15USD. And yes, you will also need to pay the tax.

I feel my questions but may be stupid but I want to understand - on a normal charge is there any way to measure how many times a phone can be charged?

Does it charge itself through solar and still charge things at the same time?

Hi. Take the iPhone 16, for example, it could be fully charged for 4-5 times through Daran. And the power station can charge itself through solar and still charge things at the same time.

Thank you! That helps!

You're welcome.😊

Hi, our power station has a capacity of 89.6Wh. If used at 5V, this translates to approximately 17,920mAh.

How many mah has powerstation?

Hi, our power station has a capacity of 89.6Wh. If used at 5V, this translates to approximately 17,920mAh.

@Creator, please check pm. RL

Hi, we have replied you through messages. You can have a check now.

