URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/589607071/lingo-genie-l2-your-ai-powered-global-translator/comments

I might back out of this campaign. It was cool initially to see the product, but the yearly subscription fee is putting me off.

Dear Minh,

Thanks for your interest in LingoGenie L2.💗

It was our initial consideration that was inconsiderate. Our team has been communicating and solving this issue that everyone is concerned about in the past two days. We will update this good news in the evening.

Please stay tuned. Thank you again for your support and love for LingoGenie L2. Please believe us, we will not let you down.

Warm regards,

The LingoGenie L2 Team

Nowhere in your campaign can I see any fees attached for the usage of your technology, subscriptions, future costs, etc. That is quite disingenuous on your part and a lack of transparency in the reality of costs associated with the usage of your technology. You need to be very clear and delineate specifically what the costs will be beyond your one year or whatever initial phase of no cost and what we are getting for that subscription versus what the free aspect of your technology will allow us to access. That transparency should be a given when presenting your campaign, and it brings up a concern when there are hidden costs that you do not reveal to your supporters. Please be clear and honest as to what other costs and charges are associated with the use of this technology. Thank you.

Dear Marc,

Thank you for bringing this important matter to our attention. It was our initial consideration that was inconsiderate.

Our team has been communicating and solving this issue that everyone is concerned about in the past two days. We will update this good news in the evening.

Please stay tuned. Thank you again for your support and love for LingoGenie L2. Please believe us, we will not let you down.

Warm regards,

The LingoGenie L2 Team

Can it records phone conversation and the spec indicated it is Bluetooth 4.x do you mean 5.4?

Hi D Loh,

When using LINGO GENIE L2's conversation translation, simultaneous interpretation, video call and other functions, it can record the conversation content, but the data is safe and only exists in the user's personal mobile phone APP. The specifications indicate that it is Bluetooth 4.x, which means: Bluetooth 4.2.

Hope this helps.

Do we have to purchase any subscription? What features available with and without the paid services?

I am also interested in this. I do not want to have to pay for any subscription & want more offline features/functionality.

Thank you for contacting us.

No subscription is required initially! With Lingo Genie L2, you get 1 year of free access to all core features, including real-time voice & video translation, photo & text translation, and cross-app compatibility with WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, and more. It supports over 200 languages and works offline. These features cover most daily needs. After the first year, a subscription unlocks continued use of these features and access to advanced services like extended translation and AI meeting summaries.

We truly appreciate your support!

Best regards,

Lingo Genie Team

I am not interested in anything that requires a subscription, unless it is already a subscription that I get such as ChatGPT Plus. For example, DeepSeek is free. You should include the price in the product like a lifetime deal.

