URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/abraham-cozar/elusive/comments

Got your postcard supported immediately. Keep making these kinds of games I love them.

Will there be a possible digital booklet as an add on for those who can’t get the physical one?

And is there only a physical copy available if you get the early bird?

Can I please get an answer before early bird ends bout the physical upgrade? There’s only 2 hour left and I asked 2 days ago

It's weird. You'd think they'd have a non early version of the physical edition ... maybe they'll add one?

or wait. I THINK you can get a physical copy as an add-on. So if you did a backing of $1 and then selected that as an add-on that might work.

Just a thought.

No wait there is a non early physical edition now. Guess they waited until the early version was gone to add it.

i guess so, not sure why no reply i would of backed more if they had

Will the game have steam deck support?

Hello. Looks like a cool game but the price for a physical and digital being 100$ seems a bit high. I’m tempted to just wait until it comes out to get just a physical version and digital for half that.

I’m guessing an option to get the digital and physical together with extras would do quite well. Just a thought.

GREAT! Let's go for the booklet!

fingers crossed for fishing as well. I'm rather curious how fishing is meant to go. Will it just be tiny people catching minnows or will you be catching fish large enough to swallow you whole?

Do you guys have a discord?

Less of 5k to reach the SECOND STRETCH GOAL!

Hello.

Can you tell me who the publisher of the game will be?

Will it be the same as Mika and the Witch's Mountain?

What happened to the shipping costs? For Mika and the Witch's Mountain you charged €5 to Germany. Now it's €18?! I couldn't find a single country where the shipping costs are lower. Even to your home country you charge the crazy amount. Is €18 just an estimate and surplus will be refunded when you have the actual shipping costs later?

Hi Lutz!

We don't have a publisher confirmed for the physical edition for now.

About the shipping costs, after the shipment process of Mika and the Witch's Mountain (where the shipment was centralized from a country other than the one originally planned), shipping costs were higher than we had calculated in some cases, so we had to assume this extra cost from the studio so that it would not affect the backers.

I look forward to this. I have a question will we get a comic about its pasts like were they human before they got cursed of something?

If this is entirely based on the same kind of setting as arietty or the borrowers then they are just naturally like this.

I'd recommend checking out "The secret world of arrietty" to get the full idea. It's a studio Ghibli film and a fairly good one.

Not that this game will be canonically connected, fairly certain the devs don't have the rights to that. But given it's direct inspiration that movie will give you an idea of what they are apparently going for.

Is it maybe possible to add an Soundtrack CD or Vinyl as Addon?

Missed the Vinyl for Mika already after the Campaign 😭

Hi Thomas! We'll consider this reward if we noticed enough interest from the community and the opportunity comes out :)

What does the physical edition upgrade mean? whats included other than a booklet?

Does anyone know? i wanted to back the physical edition before the early bird ends but i dont want to if the upgrade if it just a booklet but im not getting a reply

This game seems great! I have 2 small questions about the game, are you aiming for a linear or more open world experience and how long do you estimate the gameplay time will be?

You know what? I changed my mind. I'm charmed enough with the look of this game that I'll back the physical tier after all. the $20 shipping is still a bit much but ... eh whatever.

But somewhat on that subject I'm curious. Any chance it will be made for the Switch 2 instead of the Switch? Obviously that heavily depends on release dates as well as how hard it would be to switch over but is it at least being considered as a possability?

I am a little confused about the shipping fee arrangement. There is a note on Kickstarter saying that the shipping amount is estimated and we will be asked to pay the final shipping cost at fulfillment. But then, the estimated shipping fee is already included in our pledge amount. So does this mean that if actual shipping is more expensive, we need to pay more? And if it is less, we will receive a refund?

So happy that I didn't miss the opportunity to backup this game, I have so much expectation on this. Can't wait to see what else we can reach with all the backups!😍🍀

Thank you so much, Marta!

Intentad poner más recompensas en cuanto se acaben las anticipadas (actualmente contáis con 7 en comparación a las 22 que tuvisteis en ‘Mika and The Witch's Mountain’). ¿Y si ponéis una recompensa en la que los inversores puedan ser retratados / recreados como Elusivos dentro del juego?, Arrietty y la novela original de 'Los Incursores' ('The Borrowers') cuentan con no pocos fans que les encantaría verse así mismos en una obra tan famosa y querida como esta. Ahí lo dejo

¡Hola! Precisamente acabamos de añadir una nueva recompensa. Iremos ajustando y añadiendo conforme avance la campaña y las sugerencias de los patrocinadores. Muchas gracias por compartir tus ideas :)

This looks like a great and beautiful game! Given your reference to Studio Ghibli’s The Secret World of Arrietty I am surprised you never mentioned the novel The Borrowers by Mary Norton, on which Arrietty is based, and rightly acknowledged by Ghibli. (Norton also wrote the books that inspired Disney’s Bedknobs and Broomsticks.) Immediately upon seeing your video I was delighted to a Borrowers game produced, but then surprised that you never mentioned the book. Perhaps you should read it, or watch other screen adaptations?

Hi! The Borrowers is one of our inspirations as well, of course!, even if it's not as "big" as Arrietty. Thank you so much for your suggestion :)

Thank you for your support, Danny!

I immediately got Arrietty vibes and I'm so happy that that movie is one of your inspirations. Happy to support!

Thank you so much!!

Me he enterado de rebote creo que por un fallo del algoritmo de X que en vez de ponerme basura me ha salido un post de esta maravilla! Espero que se recaude para que esté proyecto tenga buen colchón como poco

¡Parece que así va a ser! jajaja

Do your best creating your big elusive world for all the small peoples to enjoy and explore. Sounds to be a interesting time to see all the little things.

Thank you so much :)

I adore Studio Ghibli and while secret world of Arrietty isn't the most exciting film in the studio's line up it is one of the ones that had arguably one of the most interesting settings and is one of the films I kinda wish had a sequal just so I could see more of it.

BTW I understand if it can't be helped but is there anyway to reduce that $20 shipping? I was thinking of backing on the physical tier but over $70 total was a bit much for me unfortunately. So I went digital instead.

I'm still looking forward to the game of course.

Hi!

After the recent shipment of physical rewards from our previous campaign, we have seen firsthand how production and shipping costs have risen considerably, and the decisions of some countries have further complicated this situation.

We have tried to adjust costs as much as possible, but the situation is uncertain. We are sorry for this

I see, understandable. It would rather defeat the point of you lost money shipping at a loss if you actually depend on Kickstarter money to fund development.

Wife and I were talking a few weeks back after watching Arrietty that there need to be more games about tiny people. The next day you announced Elusive! So happy to back this game!

It was destiny! hahah thank you so much :D

