URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/aohi/starship-worlds-most-powerful-10000mah-power-bank/comments

I would like to know how the warranty would be handled.

Today it's not easy to ship batteries (from Switzerland) and it cost almost the price of a new battery.

So in case of a battery failure, will we have to send it back to you?

Hello AOHi

I have been wondering what the differences are with both the Starship Power Bank here on Kickstarter and the one that you have on Indiegogo (I understand that the Campaign on Indiegogo is for the Adonis Cable, yet you can still get the Starship Power Bank there as well)? Please if you would be so kind as to list any and all things that make them different? I do notice that you state that this one is 210W and the one on Indiegogo is 240W... Yet to me I do not see any (other) difference? I know that I am no specialist in Power Banks so this is one of the reasons I am asking for a little help in understanding the differences and possible pros & cons with each of the units? Your explanations will hopefully help me to make up my mind on witch one to Back, the one here on Kickstarter or the one on Indiegogo?

Also, will the Adonis Cable/s be the same as on Indiegogo? Will we be getting the very nice looking and handy Portable Carrying Cases for the Cables here on Kickstarter? If not, will you make them (the cases) available as an Add-On here or in the Survey?

Would you please consider having all versions of the Adonis or yellow cables available separately as Add-Ons here or in the Survey? I am interested in a longer cable but not necessarily the shorter versions, so having the option to chose the length that best suites my needs would be very helpful and I am sure other Backers would appreciate this versatility of options as well... Since possibly not everyone needs the full set of cables.

I look forward to your answers, thanks.

Kind Regards,

Tryggvi

I recommend this smaller unit as compared to the previous two campaigns.

The other two which I have are very big and the term “power brick” very much applies to the previous units.

Hi Tryggvi,

Thank you very much for your support of our project

Below are the answers for your questions:

1. The Future Pro Cable set and Adonis Cable are not the same product.

The Future Pro Cable set has 2*0.33ft USB-C to USB-C short cable (one of which is a USB4 short cable), 1*2.6ft extension cable, 1*5.6ft spring cable, 1*gift box, 1*user manual, 1*capsule storage included cables in the set, we sell them as a set and do not provide the option of individual cables

The Future Pro Cable set URL:

https://iaohi.com/products/aohi-the-future-pro-creative-power-cable-set-240w-8k-40-gbps-0-33-8-53ft

2. Adonis Cable is a new crowdfunding project on Indiegogo that is not yet sold on the official website. For specific product information, you can check our Indiegogo page for details

Best regards,

AOHi Team

Hello AOHi

Again I thank you for very clear and good answers that clarify things for me, I greatly appreciate this. I do strongly feel that having the Adonis cable possibly both as a single cable and like the Triple pack on Indiegogo would be a GREAT Add-On for here on Kickstarter to make this Power Bank & USB Cable combination Pack/Kit super useful, up-to-date and complete... At least in my humble opinion.

Have you ever thought of offering some sort of hard-shell case or a case made of thicker, stronger material (than just a cloth) that is not overly large, yet could hold the Power Bank, the Cable Set, a mobile phone, Ear-pods and possibly a stylus and a few other small accessories (like keys, credit card, pen, passport and such)? That you could have your name/Logo clearly on the outside for all to see? Possibly in the same color combination as the Power Bank itself? This is something I personally would be highly interested in.

Kind Regards,

Tryggvi

P.S. I must have mist out on why so many Backers are declaring their love of your product/s? I of course have never owned a product from you so it is difficult for me to make any assumptions before I have your product in my hands... Yet I am pretty sure I will love many of the great features of the small size, different types and lengths of USB cable in the kit and what looks like a VERY clear and understandable screen.

It's great to have a giant high power battery pack. It's also great to have a compact high power battery pack. This falls into the compact category. It'll be easy to take while traveling.

I'm excited to receive this power bank because it will allow me to charge my MacBook Pro if needed while I am on the go!

After using many of your projects I would say the thing I love the most about the Future StarshipPro is its rugged dependability contained in a small size. The amount of power can be monitored in the smart display so I know exactly what I have, what I am using, and how fast I am using it. Having something small enough to carry everywhere is nice.

What do I love about the Future Starship Pro? The better question is what don’t I love! The size, powerfulness, and smart display are my absolute top favorites, personally. Being able to charge multiple devices on the go is lifesaving for me!

Hello! Is the Future Pro cables the same as your recent spliceable cables Kickstarter? I backed that one before, and I want to make sure they’re the same thing before updating my pledge. Thanks!

Hi Mallory,

Thank you for your support of our project.

The Future Pro Cable is not the same product as the spliceable cables we launched on Kickstarter.

The Future Pro Cable is an upgraded version of the previous spliceable cable set. Added USB4 cable with 240W high power, 40Gbps lightning-speed data transmission, and high-definition 8K@60Hz audio/video transfer.

Best regards,

AOHi Team

I love the wattage output 210 watts will allow me to power my laptop and iPad while running ttrpg games with no trip hazard cables running across the floor. This is a perfect addition to my solar/portable battery family.

After carefully following all previous AOHI campaigns I finally deicded to commit, I love the fact that it can be chraged in 30 minutes just sounds amaxing to me. Also really dig the design of everything including the cables and wall charger

For some reason I can’t find the actual physical dimensions of this product anywhere on the project page. That’s the key factor for me. Sorry if I just missed it, but could you please give me exact physical dimensions? Thank you!

Hi Douglas,

Thank you for your support

The Starship Pro Size is: 135*45.6*45.6mm(Length*Width*Height)

Best regards,

AOHi Team

It’s been hard to find a compact and portable power bank that will compliment by portable gaming gear ie the Steam Deck. This sleek device is not only small but lighter than most other power banks I’ve used in the past with my Steam Deck. That’s why I didn’t hesitate to back this product from Day 1 of launch. It just made sense to do so.

Moving forward, I will have a power bank that will allow me to fully game on the go with “ease”, with 210W of power! I can charge my Steam Deck and my iPhone together. And 10,000 mAh capacity is sufficient for my every day needs.

It’s a no brainer!

Looking at the Starship, the fast-charging 140W capacity hits the mark. It is compact, but yet, a powerful power bank that will handle a day on the run.

How do I replace the batteries once they no longer charge?

I mean how to change the battery of the power bank. Please don't tell me I have to throw the device away (waste of money and bad for the environment).

There are plenty of videos on replacing these batteries when you finally have to. But I have chargers like these (a lot less powerful, of course) that are reaching the 10-year mark. If you don't take the battery down to zero and put it on a smart charger that shuts off when the voltage drops below a certain point. I use a solar battery to charge my battery packs, and it auto shuts off, then I charge it via solar. When they say 2k charges, they mean from zero to 100%, which rarely happens. Avoid rapid charging (which is why I am buying the two packs), and these things will last a LONG time, check YouTube for how to make battery packs and you'll learn how to repair them or find a friend. There is no point at which a battery bank like this is e-waste in comparison to throw away batteries and cheap packs.

Great ideo

—

I was thinking about the shape. Why it is not flat?

It looks cool and all, but I would say it is not the most practical form-factor.

I like the power, but the shape? Why?

Also the size, does it matter that much when the form is not optimal?

—

Love how cool, sleek and compact the starship is. Ooo dnd definitely can’t forget the badaxx name too haha

I really like how compact yet powerful it is. Convenient for small form factor laptops like GPD's devices.

I have the 240w starship. But also require something a lot smaller, The 210w hits the mark with its faster charging onthe go.

Would a belt clip or similar attachment be possible?? That way charging can be done more easily on the move.

Hi,

Thank you very much for your support and valuable suggestions.

We will feedback your suggestions to the product department.

Best，

AOHi Team

I like how even though it’s small/compact, it still has the power to charge my laptop!

I like the design and the high output

I'm most pleased about getting everything that's great about the big Startship (which I am very happy with) in a smaller package for even more on-the-go use.

Compact, but still has a high output to fast-charge multiple devices.

Charging even a laptop on the go sounds like the perfect travel gadget to have.

Small but powerful enough to charge the gadgets fast

The best feature for me is the 140W charging capacity on a power bank this compact. Allows me to jump between meetings charging my Razer Book 14 without dragging the whole laptop charging brick everywhere

One thing that attracts me to fund this project is the compact size 10kmAH which can charge a laptop.

