URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/aquorhosegear/up-your-garden-game-with-aquors-hose-reel-and-spray-nozzle/comments

any chance of adding vb hose connectors as add-ons?

Hello! I hope this project gets funded as I am a fan of Aquor and these product developments.

Quick observation/question: I would like to make a pledge for the 2-Pack Retractable Hose Reel - Charcoal option but it only shows "1 Aquor Retractable Hose Reel - Charcoal" as the option for the $375 pledge but "2 Aquor Retractable Hose Reel - Stone" for the other option. I suspect this is a misprint but can I receive confirmation that the $375 pledge (plus shipping) will actually grant 2 Charcoal Retractable Hose Reels prior to pledging.

Thanks!

Hi Matt,

If you pledge the $375, you will receive 2x of the Retractable Hose Reel in your order.

👍🏻 Thanks; I updated my pledge!

I already have a house hydrant and hose and love them and am very excited about the hose reel and spray nozzles. I selected the Charcoal 2pack because I plan on installing a 2nd hydrant. I would also have backed the spray nozzles but they aren't available as an add on. I wish you would have had a ( 2pack hose reel with 2 pack nozzles) as a choice because I would have chosen that to increase my pledge. I really hope this gets funded because I love your innovative products and am very excited about these new ones. These are exactly the additional products I was hoping you'd offer.

Hi Marcus!

First off, thank you for being an Aquor Customer! We're glad you like your hydrant and we are also very excited to expand the product line.

We have a good feeling about the project and we have something in store for our backers so keep an eye on the emails once you receive your Hose Reels for what comes next!

I selected the Charcoal 2 pack, does it come with Utility Spray Nozzle, if not how do I add it as an add on.

If you click the rewards tab, it shows the add-ons to the side. Otherwise, we do have single spray nozzles available for backing

Does the reel require a house hydrant to connect to water source or can it be used with traditional silcock?

Great question!

You can attach the reel to any traditional silcock.

The hose within the reel is compatible with Aquor Hose Connectors if someone already has a hydrant.

Bump to know the specs for the reel. I'm backing it because I love your products, but need a bit more info.

Hold tight! Dimensions coming up!

Hi David,

Sorry for the delay. Here is a link to the dimensions

https://app.air.inc/a/caAyAyYpo

What are specs for the new hose reel? My original works great but I’ve been wanting one that was longer than 82 feet and has a larger diameter hose.

Ours is technically 82ft with 5/8" in diameter. We're starting out with this version but we forwarded your comment to our product development team for the future!

That’s a bit disappointing as these are the two main improvements that Aquor users have been requesting.

That's great feedback. From our surveys, we found that this combination would be the best to suit the weight and overall size of the reel. We wanted to make sure this could be transferrable between mounts and provide enough pressure for efficient watering.

Stay connected and continue to share your thoughts. Our product development team is constantly working to improve.

Does the hose reel come with hose?

How much hose will the hose reel hold?

Is the hose reel freeze safe if there's water in it over the winter?

The hose reel does come with 80ft of garden hose.

The hose within the reel will need to be drained in the winter to prevent the water from freezing inside. The reel can be removed from the mount and stored.

