URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/eryone/eryone-thinker-x400-and-3d-printing-farm/comments

Are we going to have the possibility to buy a plate on one site a Holographic structure and the other carbon or other pattern?

One more question:

Is the chamber heater controlled via Klipper?

Thanks!

That is right, we will pre set the Klipper firmware, screen and slicer. However you need to connect the heater to Thinker X400 correctly by yourself based on the instructions we will provide.

Perfect!

Hi,

I just backed X400.

Will there be an add to handle different Materials automatically? Like BambuLab?

Hope so!

Best, Andreas

Hey Andy. Thank you for your great question! Currently, we are still exploring the possibilities. We will inform you as soon as we reach a conclusion.

Thank you.

Is a Filament Cutter included in the printhead?

Or is there a option to add one to the printhead?

Can you consider changing the default nozzle size or add a second, larger nozzle, to be included? Given the size of this printer, a 0.4mm nozzle seems a bit small as it will take days to print a large model.

Will there be hardened and high flow nozzles available as well?

Lastly, for the different size nozzles and quality available will there be tuned slicer profiles available for Eryone filament?

They have an add on with different nozzle sizes when you are checking out now.

Hey Jeff. We have provided an add-on kit that includes nozzles of 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, and 1.0 mm sizes for your selection.

The default nozzle is a 0.4 mm hardened high-flow nozzle.

Currently, all Eryone filament slicer profiles are set for the 0.4 mm nozzle, and we will experiment with the other sizes soon.

Please feel free to let us know if you have any other questions!

Will you make a nozzle that can reach 350°C or higher? Could we also purchase those as Add-ons?

Our team will discuss this and let you know as soon as possible! Thank you for your suggestion. 😊

I would appreciate if we could have an ‘active heated chamber’. This is to have good adhesion between the layers. Competitors can already go up to 65 °C. This of course for fillament, which can be printed at higher temperatures, also needs a higher ‘heated chamber’ temperature! This is to avoid a temperature shift, but to create better adhesion through the heated chamber. Perhaps you should check with a university or professors to find out which fillament requires which ‘heated chamber temperature’. And also indicate this info on the sticker of the fillament, so that we can set the printer properly before we start printing.

We just posted an announcement - Active Heater is now available as an add-on! At a room temperature of 20°C, the chamber temperature reaches 50-60°C without the heater. With the Active Heater, it can rise to 60-70°C. We are also actively discussing stretch goal ideas. We’ll be announcing them officially in a few days!

> the chamber temperature reaches 50-60°C without the heater

That's surprising given the volume of air that needs to be heated; how long does that take?

And how long will it take to get to 60-70°C with the chamber heater?

Normally it will take half an hour to one hour to get to 60-70°C with the chamber heater.

Will you also make an ‘AMS - Automatic Material System’ for the ‘Eryone Thinker X400’? Then we can combine multiple colours in one print, like the competitors. This would be fantastic!

Thank you for your suggestion! Multiple backers have also mentioned this idea. We will discuss this with BIGTREETECH and provide an update soon. Your input is greatly appreciated!

Maybe an option for the multicolor printing. Possible stretch goal is to integrate BIGTREETECH BVV enter the printer multicolor print. If ERYONE does not plan offer a AMS style add-on to this printer.

Hi Brian. Thank you for your suggestion! BIGTREETECH BVV appears to be a promising and efficient solution for our current backers. We will discuss this with BIGTREETECH and provide an update soon. Your input is greatly appreciated!

Maybe a stretch goal could be 250g rolls of all the types of filament, Eryone Brand, the printer can print? Or maybe a 3-5 rolls of a type of filament, user choice?

Is there a possibility to deliver the printer partly disassembled or to disass

amble easily for better transportation? Only have a small stair to my basement and know that these Printers are usually delivered in huge boxes on a euro palette.

Hi Robman is Batin. The Thinker X400 3D printer is designed as a fully assembled unit, not a kit. It will be delivered as an enclosed 3D printer and cannot be partially disassembled for easier assembly.

Regarding your stairs, the printer's width is 635mm. If you're carrying it upstairs, please remember to ask a friend for assistance. Thank you for your understanding!

What is the shipping cost to us I need to know before I pay for my super early bird because that will decide if I keep my spot

It’s posted on the Campaign page at the bottom.

Hi James, The shipping costs are listed below:

- United States: $200 USD (excluding Minor Outlying Islands)

- Canada: $300 USD

- United Kingdom: $100 USD

- European Union: $100 USD

- Russia: $100 USD

- Japan: $300 USD

- South Korea: $100 USD

- Singapore: $100 USD

- Malaysia: $100 USD

- Thailand: $100 USD

- Hong Kong, China: $100 USD

- Taiwan, China: $200 USD

- Macau, China: $100 USD

- United Arab Emirates: $100 USD

- Australia: $100 USD

For more detailed information, kindly refer to the ''Shipping Cost'' section on the campaign page.

Standard outlet. You're all set. They wrote it used 680 watts oeak.

Hi Will Ashcraft,Thank you for your excellent question! You can power your 3D printer using a standard outlet if you're using a single unit, as the peak power is approximately 700W, with a typical working power of around 200-300W. However, if you are operating a farm or factory with multiple 3D printers running simultaneously, we recommend considering your electricity planning to ensure adequate power supply.

I'm dilemma between this and creality k2... Each has their own cons & pros. But overall which 1 is more worthy?

Stay away from the K2 Plus! It’s a great printer for about a month or so and then the cheap parts start breaking down and compound on each other! I have a 90lb brick sitting on my desk with 9 other working printers. Once things start going wrong with that printer they just keep getting worse. Quite a number of us have similar issues and have more down time than print time! Hopefully, since Eryone seems to have designed this for Production and not prosumers, it will be different.

Thank you for your question. As you've mentioned, each printer has its pros and cons. Whether the Thinker X400 is worth buying depends on your specific needs. If you're looking to use a 3D printer for manufacturing end-use products or parts, we recommend the Thinker X400. It's a production-grade printer known for its stability and ease of use, especially beneficial if you require multiple printers for manufacturing.

Thanks to whoever cancelled their Limited Reward this morning! Allowed me to change my reward and save an extra $100!

Nice! Congrats!

Congrats, Dale! You're the luckiest one!

Stretch Goal Idea - Making a dual extruder kit available as well to take advantage of support filament on parts using this kind of build volume.

Hi Ransom Schmidt. Thank you for your suggestion! We will definitely consider it. Thank you very much!

Earlier, I suggested adding multi size nozzle kit to the add-ons. Maybe also add on instead of an individual filament, you can get it in 1, 5, or 10 rolls of filament so you can request multiple colors. Like on your website to get a great price per roll… food for thought

Hey Brian. We've decided to add a multi-size nozzle kit as an add-on based on your and other backers' suggestions. We’ll post an update soon, allowing you to adjust your reward to include the nozzle kit. For the filament, we will also discuss your idea and see what we can do. Thank you for your valuable input!

Thanks creating the nozzle pack.. I added it to my pledge :-)

Do you have any video or animations of how it stacks. I know this should be self explanatory, but wouldn't the printer on top suffer from vibration from the lower?

Hi Mediocre Studios. Of course! You can check out this video where we showcased how the Thinker X400 stacks in a live stream 2 days ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-Wmm83RSEo

Have they mentioned belt size? Hope it's 9mm at this size

Hi Zeelobby. To answer your question, the size of the core xy belt is Gates 6mm, and the size of the z belt is Gates 9mm. Please let us know if you have any other questions. 😊

In another comment reply you said:

"AMS/CFS/Box Turtle Equivalent: Instead of an AMS or similar system, we plan to release a new multi-color 3D printer system by the end of this year."

Would this be something that can be added to the x400 or a completely separate printer altogether??

I hope in the future, you create a product or category of products to add multicolor to the X400.

Agree. And I think it is important to keep the nozzle cleaning strip. Even if an AMS isn't released to add onto this printer, then we can add the new BIGTREETECH one that is coming out soon and know that we have a good way to clean the nozzle on color changes.

I also would like to see the addition of a multicolor upgrade kit for the x400. And I second the notion of keeping the nozzle cleaning strip (stretch goal?).

The Aurora Tech video shows the list of of planned changes, including

8. The official version does not include a nozzle cleaning strip.

Why not?!

Not having one seems like asking for problems with filament buildup on the nozzle.

Will there be any further videos released with more print time so we can see if your prediction of not needing a nozzle wiper is correct?

I don't consider a static rubber pad to be a complex cleaning device, nor do I think so many other printers would include them if they were unnecessary.

Hey Noah. Yes, we will prepare more videos and post an update in our group once finished. Is there any specific model you want us to print with the Thinker X400?

No model in particular; I just want to see what issues arise after a hundred or two hours of use.

Would a dual extrusion mod be possible? Also wierd ask but would we be able to buy the chamber by itself as an addon?

Right? Aren't you glad I asked? But now I'm super happy and committed to backing since this is the case; I kind of want a video of them showcasing this feature though.

Yes :)

But I'm not sure I believe it; I don't see how such an important feature could have gone unnoticed until now.

The spool holder looks like it's built to hold 2 considering how far it protrudes. It worries me that there's only one nozzle in all the example vids and promos. The tech spec says the extruder is a "single-head dual-gear direct drive extruder." I'd like to use water soluble supports hmm

It's never too early to start talking about stretch goals, what do people want? Here are some of my suggestions:

Heated Chamber

360 LED lighting for Print Bed

Hardened Nozzles standard

An AMS/CFS/Box Turtle Equivalent

HotEnd run out sensor

Thank you for your great suggestions!

Heated Chamber: We are currently testing the heated chamber feature, as many customers have expressed interest in it. We will update you with our final solution soon.

360 LED Lighting for Print Bed: The Thinker X400 includes a 400mm LED light mounted at the top of the front door, providing ample lighting for your printing setup.

Hardened Nozzles Standard: The Thinker X400 comes equipped with a hardened nozzle, allowing you to confidently print with carbon fiber (CF) or glass fiber (GF) reinforced filaments. We are considering releasing a nozzle pack with nozzles of different sizes. Will update you once it's confirmed.

AMS/CFS/Box Turtle Equivalent: Instead of an AMS or similar system, we plan to release a new multi-color 3D printer system by the end of this year.

Hotend Runout Sensor: The Thinker X400 is equipped with a hotend runout sensor to monitor filament status effectively.

Thank you again for your suggestions! Please feel free to let us know if you have any more ideas or thoughts.

I too would like to see the heated chamber as I will be using this primarily for large prints.

Also, IDEX over AMS type solution vote as well, even if it’s an add-on that happens after the campaign. Similar to Rat Rig, Modix or Prusa XL ability to add on in a simple way.

Oh, and on the 360 lighting… I would much rather see a solution for low voltage power delivery into the chamber for easy mods LIKE additional lighting or cameras, etc… For instance, a USB type C power delivery port in a lower and upper location inside the chamber would be amazing. Would give us all the flexibility to add the type of lighting or camera or module we want for our specific needs.

As the X400 is using a fully opened Klipper version it should be compatible with most OpenSource multi-color systems such as Box Turtle, ERCF, CoPrint ChromaSet and even BTT VVD

Please add an option for 0.6mm hardened nozzles

Hi Noah. Thank you for your feedback! We will carefully consider your suggestion and update everyone with the results as soon as possible.

Good idea. 0.6 is the way to go i believe.

Wooo backer #1

Congratulations and thank you so much for your support!

Congrats, so you were the only backer I saw when arriving on the campaign page. I've immediately backed mine but as I've also included some add-ons, I am backer number 7 😆

