URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/feiyutech/feiyu-scorp-m2-mobile-ultimate-3-axis-videography-gimbal/comments

Did I qualify for the free wireless light?

Hi, I'm quickly following up on a message I sent to your Kickstarter inbox last week - hoping it didn't get lost and I could receive a reply soon please.

It's about some issues with my reward as a deposit backer and seeking clarification with the giveaway please.

Noting that when I do receive the emails with the secret perk link, they link to this Kickstarter campaign with no remaining reward to select. So I'm unsure what the secret perks are.

Hi Steven, Thanks for following up! The team will check this for you and get back to you ASAP. Really appreciate your patience!

Thanks for your reply. No worries, looking forward to hearing back from the team!

Hi, I made the purchase of 1$ for the SCORP M2 Mobile from 199$ and get the discount up to the price of 180$. As i read this discount will be refund after campaing.

But finally I chose the option 1×SCORP M2-Mobile Pro Kit-Launch Special for 239$. will i get 19$ equivalent discount?

Entonces no entiendo nada, porque yo ya apliqué para el descuento de 19$ el 10 de febrero.

PAYMENT DETAILS

Transaction ID: ad9cd38b-ed65-4bad-b7a7-98ab9315aa87

Purchased on: Feb 10, 2025

Y no he recibido ningún mail con instrucciones ni link para acceder a comprarlo por los 180$ prometidos...

Then I don't understand anything, because I already applied for the $19 discount on 10 February.

PAYMENT DETAILS

Transaction ID: ad9cd38b-ed65-4bad-b7a7-98ab9315aa87

Purchased on: Feb 10, 2025

And I haven't received any email with instructions or link to access to buy it for the promised $180...

So what should I do now that I have already bought the 239€ option without any discount?

Hi Pako, Thanks for letting us know. The Feiyu team will be sending another email today to all deposit backers, including you. Please keep an eye on your inbox and click the order button in the email to complete your purchase and receive the $19.9 discount. If you don’t see the email in your inbox, kindly check your spam/junk folder as well.

to confirm, me being

Backer # 183

means my order qualifies for a free Fill in LED light attachment , correct?

Hi Samadaeus, thank you for your support! The team will check this for you and confirm what’s included with your order. We will get back to you with an update soon!

Thanks for asking! The team confirms that your order includes a USB-C to Lightning cable. We appreciate your support, and we're happy to help if you have any other questions!

I traveled around the World twice, and my disappearing cultures photography was published in 8 countries in travel and photography magazines. With this new release of Scorp M2-Mobil Pro I should improve my photo's & video's quality at my next future destination! I'm looking forward to use this wonderful device as soon as possible! Thank you very much!

Thank you very much for your support, Attila! Your travels and photography sound incredible, and we can’t wait for you to capture even more stunning moments with the Feiyu SCORP M2. Safe travels and happy shooting!

Please check my few of Instagram photographs: attilafovenyessy

I own a Feiyutech A1000 and a Pocket 3. Can´t wait to have the Scorp M2 Mobile.

Hi Aurelio, We appreciate your support! It’s awesome to hear you already have some great gear, you're going to love the Scorp M2 Mobile. We can't wait for you to get it in your hands!

I'm trying to enter for the carry case giveaway, but can't find a link to Facebook.

Have shared your page directly from Facebook.

Is that correct or is it that I'm just too late?

I don't fully understand the instructions.

Hi, what's the difference of this SCORP M2 and SCORP Mini 2?

Great question, Rex! The SCORP M2-Mobile is specially optimized for smartphone videography, featuring a modular design that removes traditional quick-release plates and other unnecessary accessories. This makes it a streamlined, cost-effective professional shooting solution for mobile users. It also comes with an upgraded intelligent stabilization algorithm, optimized motor parameters tailored for smartphone weight, and deep integration with the Feiyu ON App—allowing for focus/zoom control, motion timelapse, panoramic shots, and more. Plus, it supports native camera controls for both iOS and Android.

Oof, thought I made it in time, it says 97 backers but when I check my backer number is 102 😂😳

Oh well I've already got a light from previous version, it's still compatible right?

I'm #104 but page shows 99 backers

Don't feel bad, I got #101 🤏🏼

I ordered today my Scope M2-Mobile Pro. I'm a Backer! It was no selection to choose a color!! How can get to my order a BLACK finish model? - Attila Fovenyessy, NYC -

Thanks for backing us, Attila! We hear you on the color selection, and we’ll check with the team to see how we can get you the black finish. We’ll follow up as soon as we have an update!

Yes, the gimbal with vision tracking supports face tracking. As for object tracking, it will require Feiyu app together to achieve.

In the FAQ it says the maximum payload is 1200g which is only about 2.5 lbs. Is that correct?

hi Sandy, yes. SCORP M2-Mobile as ultra light and compact gimbal can support a maximum payload of 1200g (when balanced) and its net weight is 852g (detachable parts not included).

Hello, I did the deposit for the VIP but it wasn’t a option, how do i choose it?

I backed the Cam3 and Love it! I’m sure this will be just as great! As backer #71 and part fo the first 100, how do I get the free light as noted in the email?

I see you deleted my comment!! Why???

hi Attila, we see your comments. Kickstarter keeps them all :)

I thought that I can Buy it, and ordering today!!!😭

hi Attila, thanks for your interest! get the launch day special offer that also comes with the gift and early in line for shipping :)

Good product, I have the cam 3 already and I think those a great products, but what about the battery though? Because I feel like it was the only downpoint on the camera, what to expect about it now? Is it better?

hi MBOUDOU, thanks for your early support. SCORP M2-Mobile provides over 10 hours of filming time. Also, supports 18W fast charging which can be fully charged in just 1.9 hours. Hope this helps.

