URL: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/giraffe-design/dragon-grit-1-4/comments

Love this series, can't wait for more! Cowboys, dragons and ghosts, oh my!

Looking forward to this one as well!

*expressing enthusiasm* YAY DRAGONSSSSSSS

I did not make it "early bird" early, but I made it nonetheless. Looking forward to the next chapter!

Caleb, getting ahead of the game here. PLEASE consider a manga/digest size collection when the time comes? This format dominates the graphic novel market—I love to see creators outside of the usual market giving it a go. Money in hand and waiting...

He has done this with other titles (HC and SC trades), so it seems likely to happen for this series as well.

I have two softcover trades that I purchased as gifts. My preference is for single floppies with digital on the go.

Hi! The good news is we've actually been talking a lot about trade formats, and we are going to be rolling out a compact size trade with our next collection (which I'm pretty sure will be Dragon Grit Vol. 1). I am pretty excited about the possibilities, and I'm glad to hear there is a demand for it! More info as it gets closer...

This series has truly made me fall in Love in the western Genre

wow, thank you!

I always love the wonderful variety of your stories and being treated to great art, both written and drawn.

Also, who can resist a story with dragons? Absolutely not me😊. Looking forward to this story.

Thank you so much. I appreciate the kind words. :)

Will the earlier collector's editions be made available through backerkit as add-ons?

So, we really only print enough of the Collector's Editions on each campaign to fulfill the orders with some to spare in case there are damaged/lost copies. That said, I do have some leftovers of the Collector's Editions for #2 and #3, and I will make them available on the Backerkit.

Actually, I just did a count of my stock, and I had more than I thought. Not a ton, but enough that I'll make them available on the campaign as add-ons. I thought I was sold out of #1 but turns out I over-ordered on that one so I have some of that too. I will make some add-ons and then do a campaign update when they are available.

Yay the next issue is coming out! Can't wait to see what happens next

Thank you!

Yeah more Dragon Grit, really excited about it!

Yay!

Yeah!! Can't wait to see where the story goes, can't wait, anticipation is killing me!! :)

:)

I may be more excited about the Cowboy Blaze sticker than the book, it's so cute 😍

right?

I never thought I’d be into any sort of western genre, but none of them had dragons until now!

haha! glad we were able to fill that gap.

I am excited for this next issue! Can't wait to read it!

thank you!

More dragons, can’t wait.

yay!

I’m interested in seeing what happens in this episode. Thank you for continuing the comic!

thank you for supporting it!

Excited for the continuation

thank you!

Go, dragons, go!

yesss!

I am so excited for #4! Love this series so much!

Thank you so much!

Looking forward to #4! The cover art looks gorgeous and I can't wait for it!

Kay really does continue to deliver amazing art. Thank you for your support!

Super excited for the next installment of this series!

I appreciate that!

Backed immediately! Excited for another issue, and that sticker is perfection!

Yay! Thank you!

Immediately backed this once I saw the email. I'm excited to see where this story goes next!

Thank you so much!

Westwyrm ho! Looking forward to more scales & scoundrels in issue #4!

Thank you!

Hello!

Let the adventure continue!

Kazeek

Yes!!

